## What is this repository for?

Preliminary analysis of water chemistry data for Lake Powell dating back to 1928. Data are publicly available from NWIS. Data in this repository were pulled together by Bridget from the NWIS website.  

## What is in the data folder?

Preliminary.Rmd is a markdown file for the html version that provides the project description, methods, summary, future directions, and results for this project.

Appendix1.Rmd is a markdown file for the html version that shows 78 of the approximately 967 parameters that had available data across all sites since before 1950.

bluff\_cleanup.R is an annotated script file on how _\*.rds_ files were created for analysis used in this project.

The data folder contains all the raw files (in the raw folder) used for this analysis. Due to file size, only a few of the .rds generated data files are included, but all data files needed for this project can be generated by running the bluff\_cleanup.R script file.

+ _\*.csv_ files contain raw data for each separate location of interest.  
+ _pcode_ file is a raw file containing all USGS parameter codes.  
+ _pcode.rds_ tidied pcode.
+ _powell\_tidiest.rds_ tidiest version of data file used for *Preliminary.Rmd*.

## Contribution and user guidelines

For any suggested updates, contributions, or problems with any of the files please file a pull request. If you'd like to use any or part of the work in this repository please ask us.

## Who do I talk to?
Tammy, tammy.a.lee*at*gmail.com
